= meme

Yahoo! Meme API wrapper library in Ruby

This project was made during {Yahoo! Open Hack Day Brasil 2010}[http://openhackbrazil.pbworks.com/]. Event that happened in Sao Paulo 20, 21 of March 2010.

Meme uses {YQL}[http://developer.yahoo.com/yql/] to get API of {Yahoo! Meme}[http://meme.yahoo.com/] and is based on {meme-py}[http://github.com/guilhermechapiewski/meme-py] API created by {Guilherme Chapiewski}[http://twitter.com/gchapiewski]

== Usage

=== Find a user by name

  user = Meme::Info.find('jtadeulopes')

  user.name
  => "jtadeulopes"

  user.description
  => "software developer"

  user.guid
  => "EMREXCV4R5OTM3CZW3HBD5QAGY"

  user.avatar_url
  => "http://d.yimg.com/gg/jtadeulopes/avatars/44251e70378d4d225f8cda09a6c3aec87301833a.jpeg"

=== Followers and Following

  followers = user.followers
  followers.count
  => 10
  
  follower = followers.first

  follower.name
  => "zigotto"

  follower.url
  => "http://meme.yahoo.com/zigotto/"

  following = user.following
  following.count
  => 10

=== Find posts

  posts = Meme::Post.find('brhackday')

  posts.first.category
  => "text"

  posts.first.content
  => "RT @codepo8: And I am off - plane leaves BR for London. Thanks to everybody I met at #brhackday...

Find by type:

  posts = Meme::Post.find('meme rocks', :type => :photo)

  posts.first.type
  => "photo"

For more information, please refer the {project wiki}[http://wiki.github.com/jtadeulopes/meme/]

== Installation

  sudo gem install meme

== TODO

Much remains to be done! Please refer the {project wiki}[http://wiki.github.com/jtadeulopes/meme/]

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jésus Lopes. See LICENSE for details.
